win the basketball
at the last second
basketball game
at the last second
at the last second
basketball game

Here’s a list of other sports you can mention or write about:

Soccer (Football) – the world’s most popular team sport.

Basketball – fast-paced, played with a ball and hoop.

Tennis – can be singles or doubles, played with a racket.

Swimming – individual or relay races in water.

Athletics – includes running, long jump, high jump, javelin, etc.

Cycling – road racing, mountain biking, or track cycling.

Boxing – combat sport with protective gloves.

Martial Arts – like karate, judo, taekwondo, or jiu-jitsu.

Volleyball – team sport played over a net.

Cricket – bat-and-ball game popular in many countries.

Gymnastics – includes routines on bars, floor, and beam.

Skiing & Snowboarding – winter sports on snow.

Surfing – riding waves on a surfboard.

Golf – precision sport using clubs and balls on a course.

Rugby – a contact team sport with an oval ball.
In word processing and desktop publishing, a hard return or paragraph break indicates a new paragraph, to be distinguished from the soft return at the end of a line internal to a paragraph. This distinction allows word wrap to automatically re-flow text as it is edited, without losing paragraph breaks. The software may apply vertical white space or indenting at paragraph breaks, depending on the selected style.

How such documents are actually stored depends on the file format. For example, HTML uses the <p> tag as a paragraph container. In plaintext files, there are two common formats. The pre-formatted text will have a newline at the end of every physical line, and two newlines at the end of a paragraph, creating a blank line. An alternative is to only put newlines at the end of each paragraph, and leave word wrapping up to the application that displays or processes the text.

A line break that is inserted manually, and preserved when re-flowing, may still be distinct from a paragraph break, although this is typically not done in prose. HTML's <br /> tag produces a line break without ending the paragraph; the W3C recommends using it only to separate lines of verse (where each "paragraph" is a stanza), or in a street address.[5]