Handball – fast-paced team sport played with hands and a ball.

Surf Lifesaving – competitive lifesaving and swimming events.

Water Polo – team sport played in a swimming pool with a ball.

Canoeing & Kayaking – paddling sports on rivers, lakes, or oceans.

Sailing – racing or recreational sport using sailboats.

Snowmobiling – racing or recreational sport on snow using motorized vehicles.

Bobsledding – winter sport racing in a sled on an ice track.

Curling – sliding stones on ice toward a target area.

Kickboxing – combat sport combining punches and kicks.

Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) – combines different fighting styles.

Track Cycling – racing on a velodrome with specialized bikes.

CrossFit – high-intensity fitness and strength competition.

Triathlon – endurance sport combining swimming, cycling, and running.

Park Golf – mini-golf-like outdoor precision sport.

Ultimate Frisbee – team sport using a flying disc.
A paragraph (from Ancient Greek παράγραφος (parágraphos) 'to write beside') is a self-contained unit of discourse in writing dealing with a particular point or idea. Though not required by the orthographic conventions of any language with a writing system, paragraphs are a conventional means of organizing extended segments of prose.

History
The oldest classical British and Latin writings had little or no space between words and could be written in boustrophedon (alternating directions). Over time, text direction (left to right) became standardized. Word dividers and terminal punctuation became common. The first way to divide sentences into groups was the original paragraphos, similar to an underscore at the beginning of the new group.[1] The Greek parágraphos evolved into the pilcrow (¶), which in English manuscripts in the Middle Ages can be seen inserted inline between sentences.


Indented paragraphs demonstrated in the US Constitution
Ancient manuscripts also divided sentences into paragraphs with line breaks (newline) followed by an initial at the beginning of the next paragraph. An initial is an oversized capital letter, sometimes outdented beyond the margin of the text. This style can be seen, for example, in the original Old English manuscript of Beowulf. Outdenting is still used in English typography, though not commonly.[2] Modern English typography usually indicates a new paragraph by indenting the first line. This style can be seen in the (handwritten) United States Constitution from 1787. For additional ornamentation, a hedera leaf or other symbol can be added to the inter-paragraph white space, or put in the indentation space.

A second common modern English style is to use no indenting, but add vertical white space to create "block paragraphs." On a typewriter, a double carriage return produces a blank line for this purpose; professional typesetters (or word processing software) may put in an arbitrary vertical space by adjusting leading. This style is very common in electronic formats, such as on the World Wide Web and email. Wikipedia itself employs this format.

Typographical considerations
Professionally printed material in English typically does not indent the first paragraph, but indents those that follow. For example, Robert Bringhurst states that we should "Set opening paragraphs flush left."[2] Bringhurst explains as follows:

The function of a paragraph is to mark a pause, setting the paragraph apart from what precedes it. If a paragraph is preceded by a title or subhead, the indent is superfluous and can therefore be omitted.[2]

The Elements of Typographic Style states that "at least one en [space]" should be used to indent paragraphs after the first,[2] noting that that is the "practical minimum".[3] An em space is the most commonly used paragraph indent.[3] Miles Tinker, in his book Legibility of Print, concluded that indenting the first line of paragraphs increases readability by 7%, on average.[4]

When referencing a paragraph, typographic symbol U+00A7 § SECTION SIGN (&sect;) may be used: "See § Background".

In modern usage, paragraph initiation is typically indicated by one or more of a preceding blank line, indentation, an "Initial" ("drop cap") or other indication. Historically, the pilcrow symbol (¶) was used in Latin and western European languages. Other languages have their own marks with similar function.

Widows and orphans occur when the first line of a paragraph is the last in a column or page, or when the last line of a paragraph is the first line of a new column or page.

In computing
See also: Newline
In word processing and desktop publishing, a hard return or paragraph break indicates a new paragraph, to be distinguished from the soft return at the end of a line internal to a paragraph. This distinction allows word wrap to automatically re-flow text as it is edited, without losing paragraph breaks. The software may apply vertical white space or indenting at paragraph breaks, depending on the selected style.

How such documents are actually stored depends on the file format. For example, HTML uses the <p> tag as a paragraph container. In plaintext files, there are two common formats. The pre-formatted text will have a newline at the end of every physical line, and two newlines at the end of a paragraph, creating a blank line. An alternative is to only put newlines at the end of each paragraph, and leave word wrapping up to the application that displays or processes the text.
Sports play a vital role in promoting a healthy lifestyle and overall well-being. They encourage physical activity, which strengthens muscles, improves cardiovascular health, and boosts endurance. Beyond the physical benefits, sports also teach important life skills such as teamwork, leadership, and perseverance. Participating in sports can help individuals manage stress, build confidence, and develop social connections. Whether it’s a fast-paced team game like basketball, a strategic sport like chess, or a solo activity like running, each type of sport offers unique challenges and rewards. Moreover, international sporting events bring people together, fostering cultural exchange, mutual respect, and a sense of global community.

Sports play a vital role in promoting a healthy lifestyle and overall well-being. They encourage physical activity, which strengthens muscles, improves cardiovascular health, and boosts endurance. Beyond the physical benefits, sports also teach important life skills such as teamwork, leadership, and perseverance. Participating in sports can help individuals manage stress, build confidence, and develop social connections. Whether it’s a fast-paced team game like basketball, a strategic sport like chess, or a solo activity like running, each type of sport offers unique challenges and rewards. Moreover, international sporting events bring people together, fostering cultural exchange, mutual respect, and a sense of global community.

A line break that is inserted manually, and preserved when re-flowing, may still be distinct from a paragraph break, although this is typically not done in prose. HTML's <br /> tag produces a line break without ending the paragraph; the W3C recommends using it only to separate lines of verse (where each "paragraph" is a stanza), or in a street address.[5]